README.md, before:

# CoreHackers::Q

QAST tree visualizer

# DESCRIPTION

Installs `q` command line script that parses out QAST trees
from a program and makes an HTML file from them.

The HTML page provides these extra features unavailable in plain
`perl6 --target=ast` and `perl6 --target=optimize` output:

* Click on individual tree nodes to collapse/expand them
* Color coding: of sunk nodes, QAST::Want alternatives, static and non-static
    calls, etc.

Sample of the generated page can be seen here: https://temp.perl6.party/pub/corehackers-q-sample.html

Example output:
![](example.png)

# USAGE

```
    Usage:
      q a '[<args> ...]'
      q o '[<args> ...]'
```

## `a` command

```bash
$ q a perl6 -e 'say "hello"' > out.html; google-chrome out.html
```

`a` stands for `--target=ast` and the args that follow is a `perl6` invocation
 to run the script (the `--target=ast` argument will be inserted automatically).

The script will parse QAST generated by the given `perl6` program and output
an HTML file to STDOUT. View the file in any browser to examine the QAST tree.

## `o` command

```bash
$ q o perl6 -e 'say "hello"' > out.html; google-chrome out.html
```

`o` stands for `--target=optimize`. Same as `a`, except parses
`--target=optimize` QAST. Once again, you don't need to manually specify
`--target` parameter.


## `z` command

```bash
$ q z perl6 -e 'say "hello"'
```

Just runs the perl6 command as is. Mnemonic: "zero". This command exists simply
to easily switch between `a`/`o` runs and plain perl6 runs.

----

#### REPOSITORY

Fork this module on GitHub:
https://github.com/zoffixznet/q

#### BUGS

To report bugs or request features, please use
https://github.com/zoffixznet/q/issues

#### AUTHOR

Zoffix Znet (http://perl6.party/)

#### LICENSE

You can use and distribute this module under the terms of the
The Artistic License 2.0. See the `LICENSE` file included in this
distribution for complete details.

The `META6.json` file of this distribution may be distributed and modified
without restrictions or attribution.

Commit message:

Update URLs and s/Perl6/Raku

README.md, after:

# CoreHackers::Q

QAST tree visualizer

# DESCRIPTION

Installs `q` command line script that parses out QAST trees
from a program and makes an HTML file from them.

The HTML page provides these extra features unavailable in plain
`raku --target=ast` and `raku --target=optimize` output:

* Click on individual tree nodes to collapse/expand them
* Color coding: of sunk nodes, QAST::Want alternatives, static and non-static
    calls, etc.

Example output:
![](example.png)

# USAGE

```
    Usage:
      q a '[<args> ...]'
      q o '[<args> ...]'
```

## `a` command

```bash
$ q a raku -e 'say "hello"' > out.html; google-chrome out.html
```

`a` stands for `--target=ast` and the args that follow is a `raku` invocation
 to run the script (the `--target=ast` argument will be inserted automatically).

The script will parse QAST generated by the given `raku` program and output
an HTML file to STDOUT. View the file in any browser to examine the QAST tree.

## `o` command

```bash
$ q o raku -e 'say "hello"' > out.html; google-chrome out.html
```

`o` stands for `--target=optimize`. Same as `a`, except parses
`--target=optimize` QAST. Once again, you don't need to manually specify
`--target` parameter.


## `z` command

```bash
$ q z raku -e 'say "hello"'
```

Just runs the perl6 command as is. Mnemonic: "zero". This command exists simply
to easily switch between `a`/`o` runs and plain raku runs.

----

#### REPOSITORY

Fork this module on GitHub:
https://github.com/raku-community-modules/CoreHackers-Q

#### BUGS

To report bugs or request features, please use
https://github.com/raku-community-modules/CoreHackers-Q/issues

#### AUTHOR

Zoffix Znet (http://perl6.party/)

#### LICENSE

You can use and distribute this module under the terms of the
The Artistic License 2.0. See the `LICENSE` file included in this
distribution for complete details.

The `META6.json` file of this distribution may be distributed and modified
without restrictions or attribution.
